this times
in these times
after these times thinkstock time thinkstock time
stock
later to be a man of the house of chivas
angelica fuentes jorge vergara decio de maría and raúl pérez salinas
were the personalities present at the press conference to make
The agreement between the brand and the club
naming the new enclosure
stadiums nor is there
on behalf of my country
I want to inform you that we are very proud
because we want to formalize an agreement
tivo guadalajara
so that this wonderful new property
in the name
despite losing
this wonderful new bulletin the official name of the Milanese stadium
we have good reasons to have reached this commercial agreement
first it's about the unique stadium
although many already consider it as the most modern stadium in
the most innovative 45 thousand 500 seats of first level grass seventh
generation
two giant 865 screens of normal size and a novel system of
wastewater recycling
they welcomed the media promising to be one of the giants with
greater worldwide projection
it is a stadium for him the English the Germans with a standard
the identities more than what he achieved
collect the best of all these years
we entered museum
they will have seen little bits soon of faults
it's a stadium that just of intermittent cuts
once with 70 minutes
not only
this is our first world if you do not eat awesome optics any time
It can be seen
the best football